Add document for perpetual storage wiggle (#5043)
apple/foundationdb: documentation/sphinx/source/perpetual-storage-wiggle.rst

.. _perpetual-storage-wiggle:

############################
Perpetual Storage Wiggle
############################

.. include:: guide-common.rst.inc

This document covers the concept and usage of perpetual storage wiggle.

.. _perpetual-storage-wiggle-introduction:

Summary
============

> Perpetual storage wiggle is a feature that lets the data distributor is forced to constantly build new storage teams when the cluster is healthy. On a high-level note, the process is like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perpetual storage wiggle is a feature that forces the data distributor to constantly build new storage teams when the cluster is healthy. On a high-level note, the process is like this:
```

Order storage servers by process id. For each storage server n:

a. Exclude storage server n.

b. Wait until all data has been moved off the storage server.

> c. Include storage n

Reviewer: I assume storage will get a different process id so that next candidate is different. If so, may be worth explicitly mentioning it.

Goto a to wiggle the next storage process with different process id.

With a perpetual wiggle, storage migrations will be much less impactful. The wiggler will detect the healthy status based on healthy teams, available disk space and the number of unhealthy relocations. It will pause the wiggle until the cluster is healthy again.

Configuration
=============

> You can configure TSS via the FDB :ref:`command line interface <command-line-interface>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure the Perpetual Storage Wiggle via the FDB :ref:`command line interface <command-line-interface>`.
```
